[Tiny PR] XCom backend tutorial intro bullet point (#3029)
astronomer/docs: learn/custom-xcom-backends-tutorial.md

- Needing more storage space for XCom than the metadata database can offer.
- Running a production environment where you require custom retention, deletion, and backup policies for XComs. With a custom XCom backend, you don't need to worry about periodically cleaning up the metadata database.

> - Utilizing custom serialization and deserialization methods. By default, Airflow uses JSON serialization and Airflow 2.6 added support for `pyarrow` serialization of pandas DataFrames. This limits the types of data you can pass through XComs. You can serialize other types of data using [pickling](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#enable-xcom-pickling), however this method is not suitable for production due to [security issues](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html). A custom XCom backend allows you to implement your own serialization and deserialization methods that are suitable for production workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Utilizing custom serialization and deserialization methods. By default, Airflow uses JSON serialization or `pyarrow` serialization of pandas DataFrames. This limits the types of data you can pass through XComs. You can serialize other types of data using [pickling](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#enable-xcom-pickling), however this method is not suitable for production due to [security issues](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pickle.html). A custom XCom backend allows you to implement your own serialization and deserialization methods that are suitable for production workflows.
```
